Update management.md (#10668)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/management.md

2. Making sure your direct reports are happy and productive
3. Acting as the [hiring manager](/handbook/people/hiring-process#the-role-of-the-hiring-manager) for new roles in your team
4. Creating good plans for new person [onboarding](https://github.com/PostHog/company-internal/issues/1517#issuecomment-2411532110) and [small team offsites](/handbook/company/offsites#small-team-offsites)

> 5. Communicating performance issues to execs early and often

Reviewer: This sounds quite.... bad. (Can't think of better feedback sorry!)

Is it more around 'Escalating performance issues you cannot resolve' rather than 'as soon as there are performance issues, go tattle to exec immediately'?

> 5. Escalating performance issues to execs if you've been unable to resolve them with a teammate 

Reviewer 2: To be more consistent with language above:
```suggestion
5. Escalating performance issues to execs if you've been unable to resolve them with a direct report 
```
